# The secret value of an mistake
# Forgetting about mistake consequences is the best way to grow with

How do you feel when you remember the most mistake you had? If it still hurts I invite you to read this article.

Errar eh humano, viver no erro eh burrice

## Introduction
Who never didn't a mistake?
I did a lot and I learn most of sucessful people did it too, for example Michael Jordan said that about his career mistakes:

- “I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career, I’ve lost almost 300 games. Twenty-six times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.”

Even with all this miss shots all his losts, Jordan has the image of the most sucessful NBA player.

However a lot of other players have the misses or even more than Jordan, so why they are not sucessful as him?

I found the answer watching another sucessful person making a big mistake on the biggest stage possible, Thomas Edward Brady most know as Tom Brady.


Tom Brady is the player with more NFL championships ever, however it wasn't an easy path to conquer that, he had to prove a lot people wrong.

However a lot of other players made the same mistake as Jordan did, but what made him special was how he reacted from it.

I learned with another sucessful player, what makes them different from the others, the player I learned was Tom Brady.
I watched most of his carrer and I saw him doing a lot of mistakes, but I notice he react different from myself when a mistake happens.
Normally when I did a mistake, I react as that mistake prove I wasn't capable enough, that mistake define myself. I cared about other people was thinking about myself when that happened.
However Brady had more people watching him working than me, but he never cared about the things I think, he only focused about the mistake and how to improve from that, I think that mentatily is the same as Jordan had.

In this article I'll described the game that helped me to figure this mentatily from Brady.


This mentatily I learned watching another sucessful player, Tom Brady, He had a big mistake in one of his biggest games and overcome that, this game Ill explain in this article.

EDIT: Maybe it's better to remove the part of my mistake, and just explain how mistake can make the carrer grow if you learn from it.
Because I want to use the experience of my mistake in the 3 subtitle.


<!-- I did, my biggest professionaly was when I was working in an new payment solution to charge the customers, my mistake was I didn't test all scenarios correctly before sending to production, after went to production my feature started to charge incorrectly the customers, at that time turned to be the biggest bug the company ever had. -->
<!-- The time passing by that mistake was very painful, I saw not only affecting me but co-workers around was affected too, it was very stressful situation caused by me. -->
<!---->
<!-- But I realized the mistake was made and the best thing I could do was find an great and quicker solution to the problem, how to avoid new customers being affect by the mistake and how to fix the affected ones. After a few days the situation was fixed with my help, and I manage to built more safety code with tests to avoid future problems. -->
<!---->
<!-- This adversity made me growth professionaly, I started to pay more atention for what my new implementations could cause to the system, test all scenarios and have sure all was tested correctly, and made me growth as person either in the moment I realized the best thing I could do was focus on solution instead of being depress, it started an mentatily in me which I described in this article: -->
<!-- --article about positive mentatily--  -->

<!-- After everything was solve I wasn't proud of my mistake, but proud of what I did after the mistake was made, I managed to overcome an very hard adversity. This moment made me remembered an adversity from other person who made an mistake on big stage, but managed to get a great comeback and was very proudful too, this person name is Thomas Edward Patrick Brady Jr (most know as Tom Brady), and I'll share here his history: -->
<!---->

### Game introduction
On Super Bowl LI New England Patriots played against Atlanta Falcons.
The Patriots had their most sucessful duo, Bill Belichick as Head Coach and Tom Brady as Quarterback. Together at that they had own 4 titles at that time.
Falcons was an surprising team at that year, with Dan Quinn as Head Coach and the best player in the league of the year Matt Ryan as Quarterback, leading the best attack in the NFL.

### Scenario of adversity
The begining of the game was perfect to Atlanta Falcons team, everything they planned against the Patriots was working. Attack was able to score 2 times, and the defense didn't allow Tom Brady to score, instead they forced him to make a big mistake:

------GIF TOM BRADY MISTAKE------

This was a interception made by the Atlanta defense, after the interception Tom Brady first reaction after was to avoid more damage, he tried to stop advancing towards the score (endzone), but he failed:

--- GIF OF TOM BRADY MISS TACKLE---

The Atlanta player scored again.

In the final part of 3 quarter of the game, the score was 28 x 3. This was one of the biggest deficit on Super Bowl, probably the biggest adversity Brady faced in his carrer.


I remember being in a sports bar and some people was calling him a fraud, a bad player.

At that time Brady could choose to avoid make more mistakes, being less agressive, he already won 4 titles his carrer was sucessful at that point.

But this mentatily never made part of him in his carrer, he never cared about his mistakes, he always was focus on winning the game no matter what happened.
Even if the victory was impossible at that point, he was always focus on how to get better, how to help the team  to lead them to the biggest comeback of the history of the NFL.

---- GIF OF LAST PLAY -----
(Spoiler) He did it, at the end of the game the Patriots made the greatest comeback in the history of the NFL. 

After all things happened, do you think everybody was saying about Tom Brady mistake in this game?
The answer is no, probably if I did bring that play in this article you wouldn't know too; What everybody was saying was about the incredible comeback, and Brady turning into the winnest Quarterback in the history with 5 titles surparssing his child idol Joe Montana. 


### The real value
Most of us think everyone will be thinking about our mistakes, but let me bring a truth: Nobody cares about your mistake.

Like I said about Tom Brady after the game was over, I had the same feedback about my mistake, after a long time since I move on from the past company I had a talk with my leader at that time, I bring to the conversation the mistake mentioned earlier in this article and that's was his answer:
- What was problem? We got so many more problems after you move on, I couldn't remember that one.

But he remembered me about the good things I did, some useful features that agilize the work to they, and that was a great victory for me, it wasn't bigger than Brady victory, but a victory is a victory


At the end of the day everyone makes mistakes, that's why they don't care about, what really matters after all is how you act after the mistake was made, in my case was how I solved the problem, and in the end that's what my leader really cared.

So I suggest after an adversity first read this article: 
Then starts focusing in how get out of the adversity, you probably gonna start to see the value of this attitude and how much you can growth with this experience.



### Conclusion
Here i want to explain better why I bring Tom brady story, and how this story can be related to the day of the person reading.
Like Tom Brady had this mistake, we do to... Me as explan made a mistake (Queima diaria mistake).
The mistakes is different, Tom Brady was trying the best to help his team to achieve their goal but made a mistake, I was trying to deliver a great feature to the company but made a mistake too.
Brady analysed the situation and why he made the mistake to improve to the next play.

---- Andressa phrase HERE
We can do the same with our mistakes, analyse and grow from that mistake to be better to the next play, that's the way I found to not worry about the impact of our mistakes, for me it worked.
